docsp-31210 - mTLS (#169)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/faq.txt

possible to get an ``Unrecognized pipeline stage name: '$sample'``
error. To mitigate this situation, explicitly configure the partitioner
to use and define the Schema when using DataFrames.

How can I use mTLS for authentication?
--------------------------------------

> Include the following options when you run ``spark-submit``:

Reviewer: S: repeat the question in the answer for clarity

```suggestion
You can use ``mTLS`` by including the following options when you run ``spark-submit``:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   --driver-java-options -Djavax.net.ssl.trustStore=<path to your truststore.jks file> \
   --driver-java-options -Djavax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword=<your truststore password> \
   --driver-java-options -Djavax.net.ssl.keyStore=<path to your keystore.jks file> \
   --driver-java-options -Djavax.net.ssl.keyStorePassword=<your keystore password> \
   -conf spark.executor.extraJavaOptions=-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStore=<path to your truststore.jks file> \
   -conf spark.executor.extraJavaOptions=-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword=<your truststore password> \
   -conf spark.executor.extraJavaOptions=-Djavax.net.ssl.keyStore=<path to your keystore.jks file> \

>    -conf spark.executor.extraJavaOptions=-Djavax.net.ssl.keyStorePassword=<your keystore password> \

Reviewer: Q: What are the backslashes for at the end of each line? Could you confirm with an engineer if these are needed or not?

Author: When you call `spark-submit` from a terminal, you need to pass these options on a single line. To avoid insanely long lines, you can use a backslash to show line continuation. So if a user wanted to use these options from a real command line, they could copy this sample in and it should (theoretically) work.
